one of the hardest things to get across
the internet
is your tone of voice it's hard to get
across even now talking to a microphone
the video camera
and it's harder with written comments in
facebook written comments in reddit
and i can see this is an example of a
conversation
going off the rails when there was
really nothing for anyone
to disagree about or fight over i was
just reporting
what i'd done in taking a step to try to
address
the cause of this problem the muddy
puddle in the middle of the park
it's not the biggest deal in the world
and it's a situation where i didn't want
to
call the cops i didn't want to call city
government
i didn't want to go up to these
employees at this daycare center and
like threaten them like oh
i can report this uh i can report this
to the parks department or some branch
of government i
didn't want to threaten anybody and i'm
not making this into a bigger deal it is
but it's like hey you know what
if the kids just play a few steps this
way or they play a different kind of
game
if they kick a soccer ball around or
throw a frisbee or play on the swing set
or in the padded area by the swings and
the slats
if they do anything other than tear up
the grass with their hands and make
mud pies like you know you know
this is a problem we could solve but hey
if it doesn't work out also not a big
deal
i did what i could positively to address
this situation
and i shared that with the group and if
no good comes of it hey
i did what i could but i'm about
reaching out to people and ask them do
the right thing
because the right thing to do there's
been a lot of hostility in reply
similar to previous posts in this group
your sense of entitlement is through the
roof
people in this group are willing to have
a balanced discussion and think
critically well you're clearly just
looking to rant and have people support
your views
this community was developed to focus on
positive aspects of
the community all you seem to do is
complain it's got 22 thumbs up
there are lots of people jumping in to
pile in aside and agree with them right
again all i'm doing is replying to this
saying hey i'm a parent too i have good
intentions
what brought this down to me and when he
refers to
my earlier comments in the group have a
little bit of compassion
the earlier comment i made was to show
the photograph that my garden
had been destroyed and i went and asked
management
and management said they had no idea
i don't know if a few days later or a
few weeks later management figured out
the building management had no idea who
had destroyed my garden or why
my whole uh tomato plant was torn out of
the ground i had several other plants
that planted and washed grow and i was
looking forward to them reviving in the
spring my whole garden was destroyed i
didn't say anything mean
i didn't get angry but i posted a
picture and said hey
i have no idea what happened but just
last night or the night before
somebody came and destroyed my whole
garden and at that moment building
management told me it wasn't them
that it wasn't employees the building
nobody knew at that time with stores
and people back so to say to me like
this is massively entitled
you know with either of these two these
are kind of my two and only two
you know comments to the group you know
look guys when you read other people's
comments when you read other people's
contributions
how you impu tone a voice to them what
intentions you imagine or assume i mean
isn't it possible isn't it just possible
that someone destroyed every plant in my
garden
and i had good intentions in writing in
and saying hey does anyone know what
happened
to my garden last night isn't it
possible that i was trying to do
something positive
as i said again and again and going out
and talking to these employees at the
daycare center and saying look you know
there's a way for us all to use this
park without damaging or destroying it
like
and that i'd be writing to the group
thinking hey maybe some other people
were wondering about this maybe some
people want an update maybe some other
people were looking at their window and
saw that the city government sent
trucks and workmen to repair this
problem and then the problem only got
worse because the people causing the
problem didn't stop
maybe that's the kind of thing a couple
other people in the building want to
hear about that yeah
someone took the time to talk to them
about it and when i talked to them about
it it seemed like the employees had
never thought it before and i've heard
it before
if you can't see it as a positive
contribution guys
i i have no objection to you sending in
more hate mail
i can deal with an avalanche of hate
mail from ian and everyone else